Add documentation on OTEL support (#47194)
vercel/next.js: docs/advanced-features/observability.md

---
description: Learn how instrument your Next.js app with OpenTelemetry.
---

> **Note**: This feature is experimental, you need to explicitly opt-in by providing `experimental.instrumentationHook = true;` in your `next.config.js`.

# Observability in Next.js

> Observability is crucial for understanding and optimizing the behavior and performance of modern web applications built with Next.js. As applications become more complex, it becomes increasingly difficult to identify and diagnose issues that may arise. By leveraging observability tools such as logging and metrics, developers can gain insights into their application's behavior and identify areas for optimization. With observability, developers can proactively address issues before they become major problems and provide a better user experience. Therefore, it is highly recommended to use observability in your Next.js applications to improve performance, optimize resources, and enhance user experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Observability is crucial for understanding and optimizing the behavior and performance of your Next.js app.

As applications become more complex, it becomes increasingly difficult to identify and diagnose issues that may arise. By leveraging observability tools, such as logging and metrics, developers can gain insights into their application's behavior and identify areas for optimization. With observability, developers can proactively address issues before they become major problems and provide a better user experience. Therefore, it is highly recommended to use observability in your Next.js applications to improve performance, optimize resources, and enhance user experience.
```

Nice writeup!

Two changes here:
1. I made the first sentence use "you", so it more directly appeals to the reader
2. I made the second sentence the start of a new paragraph

I think everything from the second sentence to the end of the paragraph might be better if written more directly, talking to the user, since that's typically how we word our content (at least in Vercel) docs.

I'm curious if you agree, or if others may disagree with me on this

Author: My writing skills are :hankey: , so I'll gladly yield to you.

Author: Your version reads way better.
